README.md, before:


# 💫 About Me:
Passionate, enthusiastic graduate changing careers from Healthcare into Software Development. <br>Gained experience in frontend and backend technologies through self-taught methods. <br>Used various online platforms to teach myself the basic concepts of Java and OOP as well as front-end technologies<br>Currently studying a Java/Spring boot camp with amigos code. <br>Using Coursera togain further knowledge in AWS and cloud computing.<br>Currently seeking a full-time entry level software developer position to deliver solutions tobusiness needs.


## 🌐 Socials:
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/https://www.linkedin.com/in/shoaiblatif11/) 

# 💻 Tech Stack:
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=java&logoColor=white) ![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white) ![Ruby](https://img.shields.io/badge/ruby-%23CC342D.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=ruby&logoColor=white) ![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white) ![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-%23007ACC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white) ![Spring](https://img.shields.io/badge/spring-%236DB33F.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=spring&logoColor=white) ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![Next JS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=next.js&logoColor=white) ![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-%234ea94b.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white) ![LINUX](https://img.shields.io/badge/Linux-FCC624?style=for-the-badge&logo=linux&logoColor=black)
# 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=shoaiblatif22&theme=gruvbox&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=false&count_private=false)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=shoaiblatif22&theme=gruvbox&hide_border=false)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=shoaiblatif22&theme=gruvbox&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=false&count_private=false&layout=compact)


## Projects

| Name                         | Description       | Tech/tools        |
| ---------------------------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| **Final project**            | A webapp to do x. | React, Jest, etc. |
| **Something else worked on** | A webapp to do y. | Ruby              |

## Work Experience

**SideTrade** (14/01/2023 to 15/02/2023)  
Trainee Software Developer

- Completed a 4-week coding academy with Sidetrade in full-stack development. The technology stack
included HTML, CSS, typescript,node.js, react, and SQL. API and routing were also taught as part ofthe
program

**Company Name** (start-date to end-date)  
_Your job title_

- Any experience relevent to software development


## Education

#### Makers Academy (start_date to end_date)
- Use short descriptions of what you did and a skill you used. (Similar to format from the 'Work Experience' section above)
- e.g Frequently used paring in order to problemsolve effeciently, requiring teamwork and communication.
- you might also mention aspects some other skills/knowledge listed below: 
- OOP, TDD, MVC, DDD
- Agile/XP
- Ruby, Rails, JavaScript
- RSpec, Jasmine

#### Your University / College (start_date to end_date)

- Subject, any specialisms
- Grade
- Other cool stuff

## Skills

Your previous experience is really important. You will need to make it really clear to someone who has not worked in your field before exactly how your experience will be useful in software development.

Consider skills relevent to software development. Then consider projects you've worked on before Makers that you feel proud of and/or you think are relevent to technology. Good examples clearly explain the impact you've had. 

Here's an example

#### Communication
I honed my communication skills while completing my thesis at university, which involved writing and defending a dissertation to a board of professors and Ph.D. candidates. I further developed these skills when I was working in a digital marketing agency where I presented quarterly business reviews to C-level stakeholders. In doing so, I synthesised complex technical information into a digestible but comprehensive story for the different levels of knowledge in the room. My communication skills have also often come in handy while training to be a developer. For example, I recently ran a session for my mentees, who have only been coding for a few weeks, on how to use mocks to improve unit test isolation. I received feedback that the session was well run and helped them understand this potentially confusing topic.

#### Another skill

- I achieved A during my work at B (job, or otherwise)
- I contributed to the growth of X while doing Y (job, or otherwise)
- I built this, made this, broke this, fixed this, etc.
- A link to some on-line evidence (blogs, videos, articles, etc.)

#### Another skill


### ✍️ Random Dev Quote
![](https://quotes-github-readme.vercel.app/api?type=horizontal&theme=gruvbox)

---
[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=shoaiblatif22&icon=0&color=1)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)

<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->

Commit message:

Updated Work experience and education

README.md, after:


# 💫 About Me:
Passionate, enthusiastic graduate changing careers from Healthcare into Software Development. <br>Gained experience in frontend and backend technologies through self-taught methods. <br>Used various online platforms to teach myself the basic concepts of Java and OOP as well as front-end technologies<br>Currently studying a Java/Spring boot camp with amigos code. <br>Using Coursera togain further knowledge in AWS and cloud computing.<br>Currently seeking a full-time entry level software developer position to deliver solutions tobusiness needs.


## 🌐 Socials:
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/https://www.linkedin.com/in/shoaiblatif11/) 

# 💻 Tech Stack:
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=java&logoColor=white) ![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white) ![Ruby](https://img.shields.io/badge/ruby-%23CC342D.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=ruby&logoColor=white) ![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white) ![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-%23007ACC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white) ![Spring](https://img.shields.io/badge/spring-%236DB33F.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=spring&logoColor=white) ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![Next JS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=next.js&logoColor=white) ![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-%234ea94b.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white) ![LINUX](https://img.shields.io/badge/Linux-FCC624?style=for-the-badge&logo=linux&logoColor=black)
# 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=shoaiblatif22&theme=gruvbox&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=false&count_private=false)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=shoaiblatif22&theme=gruvbox&hide_border=false)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=shoaiblatif22&theme=gruvbox&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=false&count_private=false&layout=compact)


## Projects

| Name                         | Description       | Tech/tools        |
| ---------------------------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| **Final project**            | A webapp to do x. | React, Jest, etc. |
| **Something else worked on** | A webapp to do y. | Ruby              |

## Work Experience

**SideTrade** (14/01/2023 to 15/02/2023)  
Trainee Software Developer

- Completed a 4-week coding academy with Sidetrade in full-stack development. The technology stack
included HTML, CSS, typescript,node.js, react, and SQL. API and routing were also taught as part ofthe
program

**Student Radiographer** (01/09/2019 to 01/08/2022)  
Radiographer

- Optimised patient monitoring by implementing moredetailed, checklist-based documentation procedures.
- Conducted and managed imaging procedures such as X-Rays, CT scans, cardiac radiographic scans and MRI scans.

## Education

#### Makers Academy (01/04/2023 to 01/08/2023)
- Frequently used paring in order to problemsolve effeciently, requiring teamwork and communication. 
- OOP, TDD, MVC, DDD
- Agile/XP
- Ruby, Rails, JavaScript
- RSpec, Jasmine

#### University of Leeds (01/09/2019 to 01/08/2022)

- BSc Diagnostic Radiographer
- 2.1
- School Rep of CUPS (Classified Undergraduate Programmes)

## Skills

Your previous experience is really important. You will need to make it really clear to someone who has not worked in your field before exactly how your experience will be useful in software development.

Consider skills relevent to software development. Then consider projects you've worked on before Makers that you feel proud of and/or you think are relevent to technology. Good examples clearly explain the impact you've had. 

Here's an example

#### Communication
I honed my communication skills while completing my thesis at university, which involved writing and defending a dissertation to a board of professors and Ph.D. candidates. I further developed these skills when I was working in a digital marketing agency where I presented quarterly business reviews to C-level stakeholders. In doing so, I synthesised complex technical information into a digestible but comprehensive story for the different levels of knowledge in the room. My communication skills have also often come in handy while training to be a developer. For example, I recently ran a session for my mentees, who have only been coding for a few weeks, on how to use mocks to improve unit test isolation. I received feedback that the session was well run and helped them understand this potentially confusing topic.

#### Another skill

- I achieved A during my work at B (job, or otherwise)
- I contributed to the growth of X while doing Y (job, or otherwise)
- I built this, made this, broke this, fixed this, etc.
- A link to some on-line evidence (blogs, videos, articles, etc.)

#### Another skill


### ✍️ Random Dev Quote
![](https://quotes-github-readme.vercel.app/api?type=horizontal&theme=gruvbox)

---
[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=shoaiblatif22&icon=0&color=1)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)

<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->
